Discrete spaces are CW complexes (#1766)
pi-base/data: theorems/T000889.md

---
uid: T000889
if:
  P000052: true
then:
  P000240: true
---

> The filtration $X_n := X$ for $n \geq 0$ is a CW structure on $X$.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Choose $X_0=X$.
```

> The filtration $X_n := X$ for $n \geq 0$ equips $X$ with a CW structure.

Reviewer 2: "... equips $X$ with a CW structure" or "... is a CW structure"?

Author: Then lets say "is"

> The filtration $X_n := X$ for $n \geq 0$ equips $X$ is a valid CW structure for $X$.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The filtration $X_n := X$ for $n \geq 0$ is a CW structure on $X$.
```
